applications: nrf_desktop: HLK tests description (#3136)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: applications/nrf_desktop/README.rst

After the connection is established and the device is bonded, you can use the mouse with the connected device.

> Windows HLK tests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Windows Hardware Lab Kit tests
```

-----------------

> The nRF Desktop devices are confirmed to pass the tests from official playlist (:file:`HLK Version 1903 CompatPlaylist x86 x64 ARM64.xml`) required for compatibility with Windows 10 by Windows Hardware Compatibility Program.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The nRF Desktop devices have passes the tests from official playlist required for compatibility with Windows 10 by Windows Hardware Compatibility Program (:file:`HLK Version 1903 CompatPlaylist x86 x64 ARM64.xml`).
```

Author: `have passed` ?

The tests were conducted using Windows Hardware Lab Kit.

> ----

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
Please remove the divider. It is now automatically added to *** headings. (Check for other dividers in the file, please.)

Author: Ok
